docs: add optional retrieval hint to causal history in sds (#130)
vacp2p/rfc-index: vac/raw/sds.md

```protobuf
syntax = "proto3";

message HistoryEntry {
  string message_id = 1; // Unique identifier of the SDS message, as defined in `Message`
  optional bytes retrieval_hint = 2; // Optional information to help remote parties retrieve this SDS message; For example, A Waku deterministic message hash or routing payload hash
}

message Message {
  // 1 Reserved for sender/participant id
  string message_id = 2;          // Unique identifier of the message

>   string channel_id = 3;          // Identifier of the channel to which the message belongs

Reviewer: While we're here, should we review the field types for the rest of the `Message`? The choice of `string` for `message_id` and `channel_id` was heavily influenced by similar protocols and current Status code, but might not be the most practical from implementation perspective: I can imagine `bytes` perhaps being more reasonable for `message_id` and `int32` for `channel_id`.

Any opinions here? cc @shash256

Author: Opened a separate issue for this: https://github.com/vacp2p/rfc-index/issues/137

and include these in an ordered list in the `causal_history` field.
The number of message IDs to include in the `causal_history` depends on the application.
We recommend a causal history of two message IDs.
* the participant MAY include a `retrieval_hint` in the `HistoryEntry`

> for each message ID in the `causal_history` field.

Reviewer: Perhaps just need more context where this field is first introduced:

```suggestion
for each message ID in the `causal_history` field.
This is an application-specific field to facilitate retrieval of messages,
e.g. from high-availability caches.
```

Author: Added in latest commit

For each message in the incoming buffer:

* the participant MAY attempt to retrieve missing dependencies from the Store node

> (high-availability cache) or other peers
> using the `retrieval_hint` in the `HistoryEntry`.

Reviewer: Subtle difference, but it's important that retrieval can happen without using the `retrieval_hint`.

```suggestion
(high-availability cache) or other peers.
It MAY use the application-specific `retrieval_hint` in the `HistoryEntry` to facilitate retrieval.
```

Author: Added in latest commit
